---
title: Pages with Siteglide CLI
slug: 0e2i-
createdAt: 2021-02-18T10:52:51.000Z
updatedAt: 2023-03-03T08:09:58.000Z
---

# 💻 Pages with Siteglide CLI

When the Admin builds a Page, it adds important metadata. If you add Pages locally, you'll need to add this data.

Pages must be stored within the following file path of your project: `marketplace_builder/views/pages/` and must be `.liquid` file type.

### Example

This is an example Page generated by Siteglide. Below, we'll list available YML parameters, and body content.

The YML section of the page is marked by triple dashes above and below. Everything below is the main body of the page, in liquid language.

YML is very strict about spaces and tabs- always use two spaces instead of a tab in YML.

```yaml
---
slug: a-site-page
layout_name: templates/1
metadata:
  name: My first page
  file_type: page
  last_edit: 1550810046465
  meta_title: My site - My first page
  meta_desc: Here's some text to show in search engine
  og_title: My site - My first page
  og_desc: Here's some text to show in search engine
  og_type: article  
  twitter_type: app
  enabled: true
physical_file_path: views/pages/a-site-page.liquid
redirect_to: '/'
redirect_code: 301
searchable: true
---

<div data-gb-custom-block data-tag="include" data-0='modules/siteglide_system/constants'></div>

<!-- Page Content Here -->
```

### Parameters

*   `Slug` - This is the page URL. Must be unique - Siteglide Admin handles this when editing Pages there, but we obviously have little control over that here, so it's up to the user to maintain for now (we can add validation later). Shouldn't ever be '/', as that's reserved by homepage. If you need to set it as homepage you'll have to do via UI for now. (required)`layout_name` - Reference your Template here. Stored at -> marketplace\_builder/views/layouts/templates/1.liquid

    `metadata`

    * `name` - Page name shown in UI (required) Note: This must be a string
    * `file_type` - Set as 'page' (required)
    * `last_edit` - timestamp of last edit - shown in UI
    * `meta_title` - Used in page title
    * `meta_desc` - Used as meta description
    * `og_title` - Used in page data for sharing link
    * `og_desc` - Used in page data for sharing link
    * `og_type` - Defines page content type for sharing link
    * `twitter_type` - Defines page content type for twitter sharing link
    * `enabled` - If the page is visible on the front-end
    * `use_siteglide_js` - Set as 'false' to supress the siteglide.js file from being included in your page. Note: This will stop forms from submitting, only turn this off on pages that do not include forms. Currently this does not work for the homepage of your site
* `physical_file_path` - Files should be stored in a location relative to their slug. If your slug is /services/cleaning, then the physical\_file\_path would be views/pages/services/cleaning.liquid
* `redirect_to` - The slug to redirect to, if it needs it. If it's homepage, you need to redirect to '/'
* `redirect_code` - Set as '301' if there's a redirect
* `searchable` - Set as 'true' so it shows in search results

**Body** must include the constants snippet shown in example for features like SEO and Secure Zones to work.
