---
title: Order Confirmation Emails
slug: 1pFl-
createdAt: 2021-02-18T15:55:26.000Z
updatedAt: 2023-04-06T15:45:46.000Z
---

# Order Confirmation

Use Workflow and Autoresponder Emails to send confirmation messages to customers, including a detailed breakdown of their Order.

## Prerequisites

* You have installed eCommerce Module v0.12.0 or later. Checkout [Modules Overview](/portal/sites#want-to-install-or-manage-modules.md) to find out how you can install the latest version.
* You have set up a Checkout or Quote-only Form. Learn more about Checkout here: [How to Set Up a Shopping Cart and Guest Checkout](/eCommerce/get-started-ecommerce/cart-checkout-and-quotes/steps-to-implement-a-guest-checkout-flow.md) or learn more about the Quote-only feature here: [eCommerce - Quote Only](/eCommerce/get-started-ecommerce/cart-checkout-and-quotes/quotes.md)

## Introduction

You can now add details of a customer's eCommerce Order to Workflow and Autoresponder transactional emails. Give your Client and the customer peace of mind, as well as valuable records for their safekeeping.

eCommerce Orders are created by Checkout and Quote-only Forms.

Within the email, you can also access any fields that were submitted along with the original Form. Learn more here: [Dynamic Content in Workflow and Autoresponder Emails](/cms/automations/dynamic-content-in-workflow-and-autoresponder-emails.md)

## Syntax

Add the following Liquid tag to include the details of the customer's most recent Order:
```liquid
{% raw %}
{% include 'ecommerce/order_details', layout: 'email' %}
{% endraw %}
```


In an email notification, this will always be based on the Form that triggered the email. Only an Order generated by that Form submission will be visible in this context. This means that Autoresponder emails will always show Form Submission data from the correct User.

## Layouts

### File Structure

You can use an existing Layout, or create a new one in this File Structure: `layouts/modules/module_14/order/my_layout/` Within your Layout folder, you'll need:

* An `item.liquid` and a `wrapper.liquid` file

### Developing the Layout

Inside your email notification file, you'll have access to the Form object: `{{form.properties}}` This contains the fields submitted with the Form. Learn more here: **[Dynamic Content in Workflow and Autoresponder Emails](/cms/automations/dynamic-content-in-workflow-and-autoresponder-emails.md)** You'll still have access to these fields throughout the Order Details Layouts.

Inside your `order_details` layout you'll find an `item.liquid` and `wrapper.liquid` file.

#### Wrapper

You can use the `wrapper.liquid` file to build the main HTML structure of your Layout. When you're ready to include the Order Details, use the following Liquid to include the `item.liquid` file:

```liquid
{%- include 'modules/siteglide_ecommerce/ecommerce/get/get_order_details'
    item_layout: 'item' 
-%}


```

#### Item

The `item.liquid` file will have access to the This object, which will contain details about the Order:`{{this}}`

Orders involve several different types of models and can be complex. When developing you will need to use loops to take into account each different eCommerce element which may be a part of the Order.

When developing a custom layout, it may be helpful to refer to the default Layout.

_Looping over Products_  
This loop will find any Products in the Order and loop over them.

```liquid
{% raw %}
{%- for product in this.order_products -%}
    <!-- Output {{product}} -->
{% endfor %}
{% endraw %}
```

_Looping over Products and accessing Fields_  
Within a Product Loop, you can access the fields associated with that Product.

* `{{ product.product_name }}`
* `{{ product.quantity }}`
* `{{ product.product_code }}`
* `{{ product.currency_symbol }}`
* `{{ product.price }}`

_Looping over Products, then looping over Attributes_

```liquid
{% raw %}
{%- for product in this.order_products -%}
    <!-- Output {{product}} -->
    {% for attribute in product.order_product_attributes -%}
         <!-- Output {{attribute }} -->
    {% endfor %}
{% endfor %}
{% endraw %}
```

_Outputting Shipping Method_  
The following fields are available relating to the Shipping Method:

* `this['Shipping Method Name']`
* `this['Currency Symbol']`
* `this['Shipping Method Price']`
* `{% raw %}{%- include 'modules/siteglide_ecommerce/ecommerce/price_formatter', price_data: this['Shipping Method Price'] -%}{% endraw %}` - a formatted Shipping Price

Example of only including Shipping Information if it was set:

```liquid
{% raw %}
{% if this['Shipping Method Name'] != blank %}
     {{this['Shipping Method Name']}}
     {{ this['Currency Symbol'] }}
     {%- include 'modules/siteglide_ecommerce/ecommerce/price_formatter'   
                 price_data: this['Shipping Method Price'] -%}
{% endif %}
{% endraw %}
```

_Outputting Totals_

* `{{ this['Currency Symbol'] }}`
* `this['Total Price']`
* {% raw %}{%- include 'modules/siteglide_ecommerce/ecommerce/price_formatter', price_data: this['Total Price'] -%}{% endraw %} - A formatted total price
