---
title: Includes with Siteglide CLI
slug: V5k1-
createdAt: 2021-02-18T10:50:50.000Z
updatedAt: 2023-03-03T08:09:58.000Z
---

# 💻 Includes with Siteglide CLI



Includes are all of the following: Code Snippet, Content Section, Header, Footer.

Code Snippets must be stored within the following file path of your project: `marketplace_builder/views/partials/includes/code_snippet/` and must be `.liquid` file type.

Content Sections must be stored within the following file path of your project: `marketplace_builder/views/partials/includes/content_section/` and must be `.liquid` file type.

Headers must be stored within the following file path of your project: `marketplace_builder/views/partials/includes/header/` and must be `.liquid` file type.

Footers must be stored within the following file path of your project: `marketplace_builder/views/partials/includes/footer/` and must be `.liquid` file type.

### Example

This is an example Include generated by Siteglide. Below, we'll list available YML parameters, and body content.

```yaml
---
metadata:
    id: 1
    name: Main Section
    file_type: content_section
physical_file_path: views/partials/includes/content_section/1.liquid
---
<!-- INCLUDE CONTENT HERE -->
```

### Parameters

`metadata`

* `id` - Used by UI to reference Includes. Must be unique in the scope of that Include type (i.e. you could have ID=1 for both a Header and Footer) (required)
* `name` - Include name shown in UI (required)
* `file_type` - Used to define where the Include shows in UI.
  * Options: `code_snippet`, `content_section`, `header`, `footer` (required)
* `last_edit` - timestamp of last edit - shown in UI

`physical_file_path` - Files should be stored in a location relative to their ID and file\_type. If your ID is '3', and file\_type is 'header', then the physical\_file\_path would be views/partials/includes/header/3.liquid
